[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
In the early 1980s,
the phenomenon of
channeling began to emerge.
In truth, the Bible and
other ancient documents
are rife with this practice.
Today, the cosmic energies
are of a different nature,
and they're allowing us in our
whole solar system to open up,
and many more people
are opening up
to their deeper communications
with either their higher
self or other beings.
Today, you'll meet
Lee Harris, who
has brought through some
really interesting and wise
information over
the last decade.
Lee, I'm glad
you're here with us.
And I met you,
actually, when we were
working with Sheila
Gillette and the Theo Group.
>>LEE HARRIS: That's true, yeah.
>>REGINA: And I saw your
books, and I thought, hey,
let's just continue
the theme a bit.
Because I'm always
fascinated with what
I consider to be really kind
of clean channeled works.
And so first of all,
this isn't what you
intended to do with your life.
I love your purple, by the way.
This isn't what you intended
to do with your life.
>>HARRIS: No, at at all.
>>REGINA: And usually it isn't.
It kind of knocks
people on the head.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, not at all.
I was very much-- I
tried a couple of paths.
I had my dreams
to work in music.
I'd spent a lot of
time in theater.
And then I went on my own
path of self-development.
And the channeling happened
privately for me during that.
It was like a light bulb moment.
It was literally,
one day it was there.
But I never at
that point thought
it would be something I
would be comfortable doing.
And lo and behold, it wasn't
when I first started doing it.
But that was something
I had to overcome.
>>REGINA: But it's interesting.
As I was reading
in your book, it
was as though you started
hearing voices in your head.
But they weren't
necessarily your own.
Well, now, this happens
to a lot of people.
They think, where
did that come from?
But most people will just
simply brush it aside
and say, oh well, that was
random, and just ignore it.
What made you not ignore it
when that started happening?
>>HARRIS: Because
it was too helpful,
and that wasn't my own voices.
So the way I've talked about
it, I was 23 at the time,
and I had a lot of
my own self-attack
and my own self-judgment.
So this voice was
completely different.
So my thoughts would tend to
be fairly inward or downward
on myself.
And then all of
a sudden, one day
I was on the
Underground in London,
and I just heard this
very clear voice.
And the clear voice was then
accessible from that day
to this day.
And I asked lots of questions.
And I was like,
are you my guides?
And they were like, yes, we
are essentially your guides.
And as the years
have gone on, I've
had a different
understanding and a kind
of wider understanding of it.
But at the time, that
was what I understood,
I'd accessed my higher self,
which I don't think I really--
it felt too easy.
So you know when you read the
book, how to access your higher
self, you think, well, this
must be some big mystical thing.
So I didn't understand
how it had clicked.
But what I've since
come to understand,
and they've said this to me,
is that you were hearing us
for a long time, but
you couldn't make
clear, auditory connection.
And then there came a
day when I was ready to.
And so I just did a
lot of personal study.
And through that, the words
and the advice they were giving
was so validating and expanding
to my own life, I was like, OK,
well even if this is some kind
of madness, it's really useful.
[LAUGHS]
>>REGINA: Yeah, there you do.
The quality was there.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, definitely.
And then working
with other people
was a second step,
because for other people
to have the same impact from it.
So it was a combination of
verifying it for my own life
and very clearly seeing
that other people were
impacted and opened by it.
Those were the two things that
gave me the confidence to trust
what was happening.
>>REGINA: Instead of
being just embarrassed.
>>HARRIS: That was the key.
It's funny.
A lot of people say,
were you not nervous?
And the only thing I was nervous
about was public perception.
>>REGINA: That's
what I'm saying.
>>HARRIS: Nothing-- in
myself, it was just natural.
It was, oh, like it's
always been here.
>>REGINA: Like you were
afraid of being laughed at.
>>HARRIS: Afraid of
judgment and stigma
and the obvious thing,
which is, oh, well they're
making that up.
And I think for
me what was funny
was when I was in theater, I
was known as a good character
actor.
So I could transform.
So my rationale was always,
listen, if I was channeling,
I'd have come up with
a way better accent.
If I wanted to fake
it, I hope I would
have done it in a better way.
>>REGINA: Well, you'd
be conscious of it.
You'd be aware of the fact
that you were faking it.
>>HARRIS: Oh, of course.
>>REGINA: There would
be this disconnect.
And you said you
came to understand it
over time in a
little different way
than your first understanding
that, oh, this is my guide.
What did you come to understand?
>>HARRIS: Well, the
more I channeled
and the more I
have-- essentially,
I guess the more your own
ego starts to dissolve
and you start to feel more
connected to everything
and you see that actually
the universe is endless,
and more questions just
create more questions.
Initially, the answers
solve perhaps the emotions
that you're struggling with
or the limited thinking,
and you open.
But as you keep opening, I
find that everything just
gets wider.
So one of the things
they always said
was that you would
understand us this way.
We're 12 or 13 guides that are
working very directly with you,
but we come from a
collective of 88.
But then that 88 extends
wider into source.
I wasn't really interested in
the extends wider into source
for about six or seven
years, because it
was a big enough deal to kind
of have this level of contact.
So now I always find a
definition harder to qualify.
So even if someone asks me
about being a channel, well,
what is that?
They tend to have a very
defined view of what it is.
But I think the
more you open up,
the more you realize,
well, this is just
some massive kaleidoscope
of communication, energy,
and growth.
And depending on what point we
are at in that kaleidoscope,
we can access over
here or over here.
So for me, I guess, as the
door broke open into a wider
universe through
channeling, I suddenly
realized how big it was
and how small I was,
rather than feeling
all fancy about it.
I think actually
it's a great gift
to kind of help you let
go of a lot of those ideas
that you might have had before,
like ideas I might have had
about enlightenment and
what that looked like, I now
realize enlightenment is
completely non-describable
because it's
completely individual
for every individual.
And so things that I
needed to move beyond,
I guess, that they
helped me with.
>>REGINA: And when
you talk about it,
the further you go,
the more questions you
ask, the wider the scope,
the wider the questions.
So I would assume that you're
talking about a wider field
of possibility in all ways.
>>HARRIS: Possibility, and
also, I was someone who as a kid
had this real affinity with
movies about UFOs and aliens
but didn't really look
beyond that, in the same way
that I had the affinity
with the movie "Star Wars"
but didn't really get it
was because of the Force.
And then as an adult and
the more I'm channeling
and the more I'm learning
about this universal life that
is out there-- and
not just out there,
very much here as
well-- that started
to blow my mind a little bit.
And again, it can be
a separating factor
with other people if
you choose to let it
or if you're able to
integrate it and go, OK,
I know what I have experienced
to be true in the universe,
and that doesn't mean I can't
connect with this person who
may have a different fixed idea.
That was the part that kind
of blew apart for me a bit,
too, kind of what
I thought Earth was
and what I thought
humanity was and what
I thought our growth path was.
Suddenly I was like, oh,
wow, this is so much bigger
than I ever conceived.
And again, I'm this small in it.
So it's fascinating.
>>REGINA: And there
have been people
that watch you go into the
state who also see energy and so
forth who talk about
this when you start going
into your channeling
process, which we'll
do a little later in the show.
They see this swirling
field of color
enveloping you at the time you
start making that connection.
>>HARRIS: And it
feels very different.
I mean, one of the
reasons when I was here
with Sheila, the reason I
asked the question about her
is I notice with
myself when channeling,
the electrical energy
field around your body just
really amplifies.
And it's something you have
to be careful and mindful
of as well, particularly if
you're channeling for groups.
So that was why I
was interested to see
what Theo's perspective
for her was, because it's
a question I look at a lot.
So for me, that
electrical energy field
is the undeniable state change.
It's so interesting to me to be
able to have that experience,
to feel the body get hotter
and to come out of it
and know that you feel altered.
And for me, kind
of just going back
a little bit to your
question, I think,
is I think sometimes
what I would struggle
with was that people would focus
on the channeling as separate
from them.
So when I first started working
as a more public channeler
in 2006, I didn't
really know anything
about the channeling field.
And I noticed how
many people were
making perceptions
about channelers,
and channeling that was
really limiting them.
Because they were
taking this idea
that this special
thing was happening
and actually to mean--
>>REGINA: And they
weren't part of it.
>>HARRIS: And the prevalence
of exactly what you said.
I think the growth of
channeling from-- it's
been here all the
time, but you look
at the more modern channelers,
Jane Roberts who paved the way,
and I think the hundredth
monkey principle is at work.
And so if you are around
people who channel,
already you're into the
field of the possibility
of you being able to
access that for yourself.
And to me, that's the point,
more than the information, more
than anything else, the point
is the energy of opening.
>>REGINA: We each have this in
ourselves if we were choosing.
Some people have been
able to gain that
through following the threads,
a little practice here,
a knock on the door
there, and an experience,
and a realization.
And you just kind
of bumble along,
and over the years--
boom-- you're connected.
Other people are like you.
It just happens.
It happens rather
quickly and for purpose.
>>HARRIS: And I guess
I should qualify.
I was doing a lot of
self-development work,
but I wasn't specifically
wanting to be a channeler.
>>REGINA: Yes,
that I understand.
>>HARRIS: So I
should qualify I was
kind of looking
into certain things,
but I never thought that would
happen to me in that way.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And when people
come to you, we're
a funny lot, human
beings, in that
because we're living
in these little glass
cages of perception, it's
the same kind of themes
that come over and over again
when people ask questions.
And it doesn't matter how much
knowledge a person may have.
I mean, the people that are
joining us today, our audience,
these are people that
have a lot of knowledge.
These are people that have been
looking, highly perceptive,
intelligent, in most cases.
And yet, like when Sheila was
here, when it comes down to it,
it's the simplest
things that dog us.
And it seems that it's
dogging us because of, again,
this glass cage of
sorts that we either
have allowed
ourselves to go into,
it's been perpetuated
or thrust upon us.
And really, a lot
of your channelings
are breaking those perceptions.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, thank you.
I've only years later been able
to see what that's to do with.
And there was a channel I
did called the Crystalline
Body in 2012.
And they talked about
the energy grids
that we're dealing with
on Earth that hold us
in limitation and in fear.
And they spoke
quite specifically
about some of the shadow
aspects of government
behind the curtain and--
>>REGINA: As does
the Theo Group,
especially privately
when I've asked them.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, yeah.
>>REGINA: It exists.
It's not like we're
making this up.
>>HARRIS: Not at all.
>>REGINA: There are
agendas, and there
are beings of a more
controlling nature
that would like to see us
stay in our little glass cages
or prisons.
>>HARRIS: And that's a
good way of putting it,
the glass cage that we all were
born into and encouraged into.
So I think that's
where it comes from,
because if you think about
the chakra system in our body,
we can open our third
eye, but if we haven't yet
cleared out our emotional
energy field here,
no matter how much
we open our third eye
or our universal mind, the
knowledge will kind of linger
up here, and it will slowly
drip-feed into the body,
and it will start
to open something,
but then there's going to come a
point when you at age 16 or you
at age 25 or you
at age 33 or you
aged in the 15th century,
past lives, pops open.
Because what I've
come to understand
is I think often in the
spiritual search for people,
there is an idea
of wanting more.
And sometimes it
can become escape.
It's like I don't want
to be here on the planet,
which I think all of us can
relate to at some point,
particularly when you see the
darkness and the suffering that
goes on.
But the whole point that the Z's
are always talking to me about
is, that's your job.
So once you have opened to the
energy of wide consciousness,
now what you are doing is
you are in the generation
that, like the generation before
you and like the generation
after us, our job
is to try and bring
more of that down
into these bodies
and clear out the density
of the ancestral patterns.
>>REGINA: Yes, and
that's interesting.
Because the dichotomy
here is when
you are able to open up into
this more ephemeral world,
by its very nature, it is
not anything that stays.
It is literally just born
and goes in the moment.
Whereas the part
you're talking about
is actually a very dense part.
You could say part of the field.
You can say it's part
of the auric field.
It's its own subtle
body, whatever.
The subtle body of emotion is
incredibly powerful, gripping,
and dense.
And you're trying to
take all this ephemeral,
conceptual information
and think that you
can manage this partnership.
And so they talked
quite a bit about being
stuck into these emotional
patterns of fear.
>>HARRIS: Yes, and I think
it's actually helpful,
because I've met many people
who were torturing themselves,
because they were like,
I know all this, and why?
And that's why I started.
After about three years of
being a pretty dedicated
public channeler and creating
a lot of the work that's
in the books, I'd
already at that point
begun to develop my own
intuitive nature with people.
And I thought, OK, I can
see there's a gap here,
because a lot of people are
being inspired by channels.
They feel lit up.
They float out for a while.
They open.
And then they come
back to their life,
and they don't know
how to apply it.
>>REGINA: Because
you're still dealing--
you're in the
grips of these kind
of old emotional subconscious
patterns that are very real.
>>HARRIS: And the Z's always
say that the body is slow,
which I know it annoys some
people, because some people go,
you can heal anything overnight.
And yes, I get that
that's a possibility,
but when the group of us are
not holding that in our fields,
either through
practice or belief,
we already have two hold-backs
to that being a possibility.
So we see that the
people who can levitate,
they're often on their own,
way away from everyone else.
And it's like, that
makes total sense to me.
I'm like, yeah, of
course [INAUDIBLE].
>>REGINA: And we do have
these random little miracles
that do happen where somebody
does have an instant healing.
We've experienced these
things, and you think, well,
where did that come from?
I don't care-- thank you.
>>HARRIS: And hopefully
that will increase.
>>REGINA: And that
will increase.
But for now, because of
this collective agreement
about time, even, how long
does it take for something
to heal ordinarily?
You read online, you
go to a medical site.
It takes this long to heal.
These very things,
just during that kind
of on-the-grounds
research, so to speak,
is inhibiting the ability of
ourselves to affect matter.
>>HARRIS: It's interesting.
You saying that prompts me
to a memory, which was-- you
know toenail fungus which
can happen for people?
I had that on my big toe about--
I don't know-- six years ago.
And I went to my natural
medicine doctor, and for a year
I was putting these oils on
and all that kind of stuff.
And just nothing was moving.
It wasn't getting worse,
but nothing was moving.
And I spoke to the
Z's, and they said,
well, this comes from
your father's side,
and his belief system
is not natural medicine.
So you would do better
to go to the doctor
and get the drugs,
which I'm very--
loath to do unless I have to.
And they were right.
>>REGINA: But somehow there
was a passed-on pattern
in your matrix from your
father-- subconscious.
>>HARRIS: Exactly, so I
took these drugs for three,
four months.
And then it was gone forever.
So it was a good lesson for
me, particularly working
in a field where
people will often
be very pro-- the only
solution is the natural way.
I think, like
everybody's healing,
is all case-by-case basis.
And it's all each moment.
And what they were
explaining was,
if the density of
what needs healing
matches the density of the
drug, then you take the drug.
And I was like, oh.
It was very good for me.
>>REGINA: Not, it's
very common sense.
I had a little
experience the other day
that's the opposite of
what we're talking about.
It was this that goes into
the realm of instant healing.
I was moving, kind of fell off
the back of the moving truck,
jammed my heel at a
torque on the ground.
And so it's two days later.
I'm getting ready
to fly back here
now after it really kicked in.
I couldn't walk.
It hurt.
I mean, it was like someone with
an ice pick on my lower spine.
And it's like, oh my
God, I can't go to work.
I have eight interviews
to do this week.
And I didn't know what to do.
And suddenly, I felt the
funny tingling on my head.
I thought, OK, let's
just see what's up.
Laid down to take a little
half-hour meditation,
initially, which turned
very quickly to a nap.
Once I feel the tingling, I
know something's going on.
Woke up, and oh,
that was refreshing.
Careful, careful, get up.
And-- boom-- there was nothing.
There wasn't even a
signature that there
had been any kind of injury.
Done.
Got on the plane.
Here I am. [LAUGHS] And
I thought, thank you.
And I'm just saying that
because these things
can happen and do happen.
>>HARRIS: They can.
They can.
>>REGINA: I have no mindset
against it happening.
>>HARRIS: No, no I've
had similar experiences,
and I hear that from
other people too, so yeah.
>>REGINA: I'm just
saying, if we can
go into relationship
with ourselves
or our beings, our guides,
healers, and universal healers,
they can do these things for us.
>>HARRIS: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And so it's two
reflections of the same thing.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
No, it's great.
>>REGINA: And then another
thing I was reading about,
the notion of abundance.
You write about that
in-- I think it's
Book One toward the beginning.
Because it comes up again in
Book Two-- This dogs people.
How come so-and-so
has all this stuff?
Why can't I even pay my rent?
And they really looked at it
from a very-- first of all,
tell us who the Z's are,
who the three Z's are.
And then tell us why they
address this fairly commonly
and their view of it as well.
>>HARRIS: So the three Z's--
well, the Z's are a collective.
And Zachary was given to me as
rather humorously as the name,
because he said, well,
we'll give you a name,
but we don't have names.
But we know that you humans need
names, so we'll give you one.
And Zachary is the closest.
And then in 2007,
so at that point
I think I'd been channeling
for almost a decade,
but I was public at the time.
Ziadora and Zapharia, who
were the two female energies,
came through from
the same collective.
So that was interesting that
that happened and little
challenging for me, but I also
got why it needed to happen.
Now they've kind of
homogenized again.
And in the interview
at the end of Book Two,
Marty interviewed them.
They said yes, the reason we
did it at that period was it
was useful to focus
male-feminine balance.
And now it's important
to focus on unity,
so we've just kind of
blended back together again.
>>REGINA: So what
is the name now?
>>HARRIS: So I
call them the Z's.
>>REGINA: Just Z's.
Now it's all the Z's.
>>HARRIS: The Z's because they
were the names that were given.
And the kind of best
answer that I ever
heard them give
about who they were,
and I think it was to Sandie
Sedgbeer in an interview,
they said, we are a
voice of galactic source.
Because I once said to
them, are you alien?
What are you?
Because people always want
to know, is this an angel?
Is this a--?
And they said, we're
travelers, but we're
a voice of galactic source.
And they explained
that they, unlike, say,
when people are channeling a
dharmist or an Earth Angel,
they're a little more
associated with Earth.
The Z's kind of sit
somewhere in the middle,
and they have a strong
relationship with Earth.
And also two of them have been
incarnate before several times.
But they said, we
are really universal.
So we are a bridge.
And that's kind of their field.
Abundance was interesting
because at the time
that channel happened,
"The Secret" had just kind
of exploded.
So that was really exploring--
>>REGINA: There was
backlash from that.
A lot of people were
saying, I did that.
I made my vision board.
How come it's not happening?
>>HARRIS: I know.
I know.
And that's why I kind of
liked the Abundance channel.
Because what I
felt it focused me
on when I heard it
back was gratitude.
More than anything, it was
actually the power of gratitude
beyond all.
Where that resonated with me
was this idea, particularly
in Western culture,
where you forget
about what's going on in
other parts of the world.
It's like someone wants
the latest iPhone,
and in another
part of the world,
someone wants to eat
or get drinking water.
And so if we're really looking
at abundance from a spiritual,
I believe from a
holistic, spiritual set,
we have to look at the abundance
of ease that our lives have.
And then within that,
unpick where we are not
feeling we are at
ease or in flow,
either because of the
contracts we have running
with our jobs and our people,
or the contract we have
running with our own
perception of abundance
in the Western world.
>>REGINA: Yes, and they
put it in a way-- they
said from our
perspective, abundance
is something entirely different.
It's a freedom of expression,
a freedom of-- there
was another word there.
You can supply it for me
rather than me saying it.
But essentially,
it's the freedom
to be able to fully live,
fully engage, and fully
express yourself in your life.
From their perspective,
that's abundance.
>>HARRIS: And I love how
we're seeing lots of people
in the corporate world
now going off and doing
these very abundant things.
And I'm not-- again,
some people are
meant to be in the corporate
world and changing that,
and that's beautiful.
But I think our society is now
beginning to break down perhaps
what in the '80s we were taught
to focus on as abundance, which
was success, money, status.
Those things actually
were attained by people,
and then they were like,
uh, I'm still not happy.
So what's happiness?
Happiness is purpose
and flow and being
able to be alive and be
grateful to be alive.
>>REGINA: And then
they were saying
that to try to continue chasing
after the old paradigm of what
abundance was considered
to be, which was totally
materialistic, is
actually robbing yourself
of any genuine
abundance in life,
because there's so much
dysfunction and pain that
has come along with that
to serve that master.
>>HARRIS: It's true.
It's true.
And you see that a lot,
not with everybody,
but with many people who are
chasing large amounts of money
or large status.
You feel often when
you meet those people,
unless they are really
just living their purpose
in the center of it,
there is something
that you can feel
is missing for them.
And that's quite apparent.
>>REGINA: Trying to fill
an empty hole of some kind.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, yeah,
and I can imagine
that's quite a sad arrival.
If you've thought that
this and this and this
were going to be the
things that made you happy,
and you get there and then
you don't know where to turn.
And of course, then you turn
to spirit, most people do,
some kind of awakening
whether it's--
>>REGINA: Better than
drugs and alcohol.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, that's true.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Better for the body.
>>REGINA: And as an extension
of that conversation,
they also talked about
the energy of competition.
And now this is a really
huge paradigm shift,
the notion of moving away
from competition in general.
And can you share
some of what they
said about the nature
of competition,
what it does to us?
>>HARRIS: Yes, it's interesting.
The day before doing that
channel, we were in New York
to do that seminar.
And I got really sick,
just sick in my stomach,
not physically sick.
And there was a
lot flying around
at the time about the economy.
And so being in New York
at that time was very--
>>REGINA: Very intense.
>>HARRIS: I was walking
around really feeling it.
And the energy of competition
was really an invitation
to see our own shadow judgments
and our complete misperceptions
on when we are envious
of what someone else has.
We are never seeing
the full picture,
and yet we think we are.
So you might say, well,
I wish I was Regina,
because she's moving house,
and whereas your story is
you're falling off
the back of the truck
and hurting your foot.
>>REGINA: Right. [LAUGHS]
>>HARRIS: And who
knows what else you're
kind of balancing in your life.
So the energy of
competition was a reminder
of how shortsighted envy
of another actually is
and to invite
yourself to see that.
Because also, if you're
competing with somebody
or trying to win,
and you want them
to lose in order
to facilitate that,
you're all going
to lose together.
And I think if you
look at how-- I
think a lot of the messages
in the last five years
particularly have gone more
towards the idea of oneness.
I think we're
experiencing that now.
There's a higher level of
intuitive telepathy going on
for people.
So we are beginning
to understand
that we don't have to
fight each other to get
the piece of the pie.
We can work together and
trust that we will all
eat at the right time because
we're working together.
And from that, we're
stronger and richer anyway.
>>REGINA: Yes, because
and as you're saying,
comparison is the key.
Comparison is
really at the heart.
And it happens in such
subtle ways, moment
by moment in life, where
someone says something--
it gets your hackles up.
Well, I know that.
And you feel a need to have
to speak up or defend yourself
on some level.
This is all part of competition.
This is part of the subtle
subconscious process
of comparison we've
been going through for
many, many thousands
of years as a species.
This is a hard one to root
out because it's subtle.
>>HARRIS: It is a hard one.
And I also think this is
one of those ones that
collides with self-judgment.
And I think one of the
things I'm constantly
talking to people about is try
and let go of self-judgment
if nothing else.
Because if you start to
let go of self-judgment,
then that means when you have to
face something inside yourself
that comes up, you will
be the observer of it,
and you will bring
awareness to it.
And with awareness
will come change.
But if you judge what you
see as your own inner shadow,
being competitive towards
someone else or having a-- then
you immediately
contract back again,
and the shadow has to rise.
And I had a personal
experience about a year
after writing "The
Energy of Competition."
I think at the time, I was
working full time in this work,
but it was tough.
I remember you're trying to
keep what you're doing going,
and you're trying
to make ends meet.
And I remember seeing a
contemporary-- I can't remember
what they did, but they
had this big kind of boom,
and I remember noticing envy.
I wasn't unhappy for them,
but I remember going, oh, I
wish that was happening
for me, because then that
would take away this.
>>REGINA: You were
comparing yourself,
like you were less than.
>>HARRIS: Completely.
It was great.
I remembered the channel.
I caught it.
It took me about three days
back then to work through it.
Because I knew I had to hold it
there and let it just burn off
and really remind
myself, you don't
know what's going
on in their life,
so don't assume that
you want their reality.
Because if you were supposed
to have their reality,
you would have it.
So often that can happen
for me about sometime
after the channels.
But I've learned to not judge
these parts of ourselves,
because they're not just us.
I think particularly
sensitive people
can very much internalize.
And especially if you were the
person who walked into the room
when everyone was
unhappy, and you were just
trying to lift people, either
by being bright or compensating,
you always put yourself last,
and you served everyone else.
Well, OK, you
might have got over
that at some point
in your journey,
but what did it leave at the
edge of your energy field?
Well, it would have left their
unhappiness, their grief,
their depression,
their judgment.
So I think one of
the great gifts
for me was understanding that
we are this ocean of energy,
and sometimes it's not just you.
Sometimes you've been
around very negative people
for a few days.
>>REGINA: Our fields are
overlapping all the time.
>>HARRIS: Completely.
Completely.
And if you think about our
houses with these walls,
often they're really thin, so
we perceive we're on our own,
but you can feel what's going
on through the wall next door
even if you don't know.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Oh, you're jogging my memory.
There was another
intriguing little bit
in there about the
blending of energy fields
and sleeping with other
people in the same bed
with another human being.
Can you talk about
that for a moment?
Because people are,
I'm not moving out.
My husband and I sleep together.
But let's talk about the
implication of what's
going on at night.
>>HARRIS: It's
interesting you say that.
I was just reminded
yesterday-- two friends of mine
who are a very spiritual
couple, they now
sleep in separate bedrooms.
And it's beautiful between them.
They said, occasionally
we'll sleep together,
but we sleep better, and that's
just where they're at right now
in their journey.
Yeah, so what was explained
was when we sleep,
it's a little like
everything inside us
and around us can open.
And imagine just
a very big bubble
around your sleeping body.
And it's a fusion of what
you've gone through that day
and what you're going
through in your life
and what your higher
consciousness can feel
is coming in for you.
And so things can burn off.
So a bad dream is often
just a manifestation
where your minds needs to focus
something to shift your energy.
So you have this
memory of a bad dream,
but actually what
was happening was
you were getting over a
fear that you then didn't
have to play out in your day.
So often people have a
funny idea about the dreams.
Well, what was said about
sleeping with people, which
you had a smile of
acknowledgement,
and I can completely
relate to it,
too, depending on who
you're sleeping next to,
you're going to be
completely affected by what's
going on for them.
>>REGINA: Your bubbles
are overlapping.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
So if you think of a couple
who one or both of them
are stressed and they're
having a stressful time,
it might be a really
great exercise to go, hey,
why don't we just sleep in
different rooms tonight?
Because we're both a bit
fried, or one partner's
more fried than the other.
I mean, there are different--
>>REGINA: And see if you
can clear it on your own
and become stable.
>>HARRIS: Definitely.
And I often think about this.
They've spoken a little bit
about sex and lovemaking
and how that's also
a complete infusion
of the energy with the other
person, which is why I think--
>>REGINA: People need to be
a little careful about who
they're choosing.
>>HARRIS: Exactly.
And I think the more you
open up, the more you do,
because you realize it's not
just a physical exchange that's
happening there.
It's a very, very
energetic overlap.
So I think that fits with what
you're saying about sleeping
next to somebody.
>>REGINA: Yes, and that's
an interesting topic
that I think most
people find interesting.
I wasn't going to, but
in just a moment or so,
we're going to have you go
into a channeling state,
and the Z's will come through.
And I might ask them about that.
What happens when
we are making love?
What happens when you meet
someone at 2:00 AM at a bar,
for example, versus the
polar opposite of that?
I think that might
be kind of fun.
I'm going to ask them about it.
>>HARRIS: Please do.
They like talking
about sex, actually.
>>REGINA: Oh, they do?
OK.
>>HARRIS: Because they use it
as a metaphor for two reasons.
They say that we have
an inappropriate kind
of shame-judgment
relationship with sex.
If you think about the natural
act of sex, there's no need to.
It's how we all arrived here.
But it's kind of how
we've been conditioned.
But they also say that
sex is a brilliant way
to illustrate what's
happening all of the time,
because you can find the same
routes of energy exchange
in lovemaking with somebody
as sitting and having
a coffee with somebody.
It's just a more
intensified version
of the same energy scale.
>>REGINA: Well, we'll get into
the qualitative differences
of how we go about that in life.
So on that, yeah, I think if we
just take about a little less
than half this program to go
into it, that would be great.
>>HARRIS: Perfect, great.
>>REGINA: So now we're
going to call in the Z's.
So we'll just let you take about
30 to 60 seconds to position
yourself for reception.
>>HARRIS: Hm.
Hm.
Good, the human is
settled, for this
is what is always required.
You see the human
levels of density
are quite different to
the communication field
that we need to open.
And there is a lot of
energy that runs down here
on the ground, so information
does not travel as fast.
Hence the moment
of, shall we say,
stillness of the channeler
before we can make
our bridge of communication?
A pleasure to be with you and
all who are in attendance.
>>REGINA: Thank you for
being willing to come
into this environment
in this channel
and do this with us today.
And we were just--
I assume you were
listening in just a bit ago.
Or were you?
>>HARRIS: We are
listening, but not
necessarily in the way
that you would have it be.
We do not need to
follow the words,
for the energy forms is what
is most interesting to us.
And humans use words to open
or close their energy forms.
So that is what we
pay attention to.
>>REGINA: OK, so
one of the things
that just came up,
randomly or not-- I
think it was not randomly
in the conversation-- was
we were talking about the
notion of what happens initially
to people who sleep together
and where their fields start
overlapping during sleep time,
absorbing each other's energies
and issues and so
forth, which led
to the subject of sexuality.
And I thought, why don't
we talk to you about that?
About what is
actually-- if you can
paint us a brilliant
picture of what's
going on energetically when
people are, first of all,
making love in a
loving environment--
a compatible, loving
environment with each other.
>>HARRIS: Well, this is an
opportunity for both parties
to, as you would
say, fully light up.
And this is very powerful, for
it is a twofold experience.
Number one, the kundalini
energy in the body
arises and spreads
so widely that people
can, as we would say, leave
their bodies temporarily.
This is what many
will experience
in the heights of
sexual ecstasy.
Many on your planet will
focus on the idea of orgasm
as that point, and
yet we would say
if the orgasm is the point where
the person is being lit up,
then they are missing
the journey beforehand,
which is where the
true, shall we say,
spiritual weight of the sexual
experience with another loving
being in a conscious
manner can be found.
You see, much of
the sexual activity
that you are seeing at your time
on Earth is very base-focused.
It is focused in a
very physical way.
And what we often
see playing out
is one person using another
body to, what you would call,
get off.
But you see, that
is such a shame.
For if you are going to focus
your energy and attention
on and with another person to
explore all aspects of that,
beginning with the
simplicity of magnetic touch,
you see, when one
human touches another,
there is such a magnetic
force between them.
Think for a second, if you
will, of the difference
between hugging somebody you
are very close to in your life,
and your heart can light
up or expand a little
through that, and the
experience of hugging
a colleague for the first time.
Notice how you are different
in the way you open your energy
field in both hugs, yet the
same action is occurring.
So this is how we could best
explain to you the difference
between what you might refer
to as connected or disconnected
sexuality.
>>REGINA: Yes, I would
like to ask you about that.
So you're saying, what
I'm understanding,
is in a loving situation, the
journey is where you are also
sort of lifting out of
the physical experience,
the physical realms, not just
to have an orgasm together,
but the journey itself.
>>HARRIS: In much the same
way that in meditation
or for some people
visualizations
or shamanic journeys or the
like-- it can be found in yoga
or dance also-- there is
an ecstatic experience that
happens that lights you up.
And once that lighting
up has happened,
it is easy to return to.
It is not something
you easily forget.
So that is what we are
describing as taking place
in this exchange.
And we will qualify
that the often
idea of human loving
toward one another
is caught up in
romantic notions.
And the idea of
partnership or even lover
programming that you were fed
when you were all younger,
and of course that your
generations prior were fed,
we would say that what
is most important for you
all to understand is holding
a great amount of love
inside yourself, not getting
into servitude to another
through your love towards
them or not being hungry
for them to love you or
touch you in a certain way
so that you know you are loved.
These are still human games.
But if you go beyond
the human games
and recognize that once you open
your own heart, your own being,
and then you are
standing before somebody
who has the same frequency
inside themselves,
so there is always mutual
respect for another being,
then this kind of lovemaking
that you are asking about
occurs very naturally and
with very little focus.
>>REGINA: Can you tell us, if we
were watching an animated film
or if we could see into
the energy fields, what
does the combined
energy field-- what
do our auras look like when
we surrendered ourselves
to loving ourselves
and just showing up
with another like
frequency in this act?
>>HARRIS: In that
act specifically,
it would be a little like
watching 2D color movies become
Technicolor 3D and beyond.
So there would be an
enormous expansion.
And so let's take you,
for example, Regina.
You would think that perhaps
if you joined with another,
that the two of you together
would amplify to create
double the energy field.
But the truth is,
the very minimum
that you will create
with a true connection
is four times the size of
your existing energy field.
And people can go
to 8, 12, and way
beyond if they have
learned how to master this.
And again, the whole
point of doing it
is breaking down the edge
of your energy field,
or what you might call down
here the limited energy fields.
So in the same way that when
somebody begins to meditate,
they realize that
they and the universe
are far bigger than they
ever thought they were,
it is the same with this act
of lovemaking, where two people
collide to expand together.
They essentially
electrify each other.
And in that
electrification, there
is an explosion
of color and size.
>>REGINA: I have read certain
doctrines and such about what
can be done in that
capacity where you're
at that elevated
level and you're
mutually setting an
intention into motion.
Can you tell us what happens if
a person can get to this point
where they're expanding
their fields together,
they're in individually
uplifted states,
and they have an intention
in their mind and heart
going into the act
together that they would
like to expand, whether it's
for humanity, themselves,
or whatnot?
What happens to the
field of potential
under those conditions?
>>HARRIS: Well, direction
always gives the potential
for further growth.
So in any act, whether it be
two people coming together
to create something or whether
it be this act of lovemaking,
where the two people will
join their intention--
and we will be clear that
even if one party is even
more invested in this and
more capable of holding
this intention through the
act, the other party just being
asked to name it or
focus on it, already
creates a forward direction of
movement that is very helpful.
So never worry if you are
with a more skeptical partner.
If they are willing to
focus this intention,
you will both have this
experience of growth.
But we would like to
say here that what's
important to understand is this.
We are aware on your
planet there are often
ideas of trying to access a
bigger, brighter, better state.
What is not so widely practiced
or understood at this time,
although that is
coming more and more,
is once you have amplified
your energy field
through such an act as
intended, directed lovemaking
with another, which
will surely give you
a good guarantee in this area--
once you have done that, it
is not so much that you
then should feel sorrowful
on your return.
It is that instead,
you have broken
the edge of the perception
of what you are.
You have broken the edge of the
perception of what holds you
back from universal light.
So once you have had this
amplification experience,
you will always be just a
little bigger and brighter.
But more importantly, and
this is the missing piece
for humanity often,
it is how that then
infuses every single action,
interaction, communication
you will have on this planet.
Think of the loving
people that you know.
And they are the ones who light
up a room most places they go.
Yes, like all of
you, they will have
their tired days
or their days where
they need to be in contraction.
But think of those people and
the simply energetic effect
they have on an entire
group of people.
So the more people experience
this electrification,
amplification that
we have referred to,
whether it is through lovemaking
or some other practice,
the more they will be carrying
that love around the world.
And love truly is the power to
transform not only this planet,
but the very different destinies
that your timelines are
currently playing with.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
That's extraordinary.
Let's take that for a moment.
Because I am going to ask about
our timelines and our destiny
in a little bit.
But I would like to continue
on this one theme for a moment
and look at the reverse lens.
It's 2 o'clock in the morning,
and human beings are at a bar
together.
They've been
looking desperately,
haven't found anyone
for the night,
and take someone home
and then have sex.
Can you tell us more or
less what that kind of field
would look or feel like?
>>HARRIS: It is a little
like eating sugar.
So sugar can give you
an immediate rush,
a high, a certain
effect on your chemistry
that feels pleasurable
in the moment.
But depending on your body's
sensitivity, the next day,
you will have a sugar hangover.
Now, some people laugh
about their sugar hangovers,
just as some people laugh
about their alcohol hangovers.
So that is not particularly
affecting them negatively,
for they are in a
vibrational reality
where to them, the
propulsion out of their body
and then the drop back
in is quite normal
and is the game they are playing
at that time in their life.
So there is no judgment
on this, for it
was their desperation and
their desire for intimacy that
propelled them to this stranger.
The shame of it is
that they needed
not only that kind of
atmosphere, that kind
of cover of night, but in
many cases, substances to,
shall we say, lubricate
them for this event.
But of course, in that
lubrication, what they do
miss is grounded
consciousness of being.
They have propelled being,
and they have their party
experience, but it is
never fully integrated,
for they have to create
a different energy
in their own energy
field before they are
comfortable to move toward it.
That is the fear of
intimacy on your planet.
So this strong desire
and pull towards intimacy
is in all of you.
And yet in truth, it is one of
the most underdeveloped aspects
of humanity at this time.
>>REGINA: Interesting
for the amount of space
it takes up in our minds.
>>HARRIS: It takes up
space in your minds
because you are
propelled to grow.
And that is your, shall
we say, DNA inheritance.
It is not such a
spiritual desire,
for the truth of spirituality,
as you like to call it,
is that the more truly
spiritual you become,
the more you start to understand
that everything is everything
and the moment is all
that needs your focus,
you begin to stop grasping or
needing growth experiences.
But you see, we say
this with some caution,
for we are aware
that our words can
be taken very literally
and very intently by some.
And to echo something
that Lee was speaking
of, this is a thought
that we were aligned
with in your earlier
conversation, self-judgment
is one of the biggest killers on
your planet to people's spirit.
And in fact, we
would cite it as one
of the greatest
reasons for suicide
at this time on your planet.
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
And I find it interesting.
The young generation
coming up-- we've
all had our various behaviors,
dysfunctions, and beliefs
as we go through time,
generation by generation.
But the younger generation,
let's say young 20s down
into the young
teens and pubescent,
it's interesting because you
have so many people coming
in that are not bound
by the same mindsets
that the previous
generations have been,
and at the same time also
involve themselves in some
of the most degrading behavior.
And again going
back to sexuality,
with young girls
willing to do just about
anything for a little bit
of attention from the boys,
and how damaging is that?
Or is there a different
consciousness behind it now?
>>HARRIS: It is
several things at once,
but it is a very
good question to ask,
for many have much
focus on the young.
And there are many
misconceptions flying around.
Just as there are wonderful
children coming through,
there are many who will
speak of these children
as being the savior.
But it is important to
remember they are still young,
and they are coming up
through an energy field
that they are having
to learn from.
So what we will say
is that children today
are far faster than
any of the children who
have come in prior generations.
And if you think about
this, it is logical,
for they are moving into a more
widely dispersed energy field
than any of you were born into.
The diversity has
grown, but so, too,
has this driving force around
disconnection and fear.
We say driving force because
it is not so much perpetuated
by humanity by choice.
There are certain aspects
of your society-- again,
we will use this term
that was referred
to-- shall you say shadow
aspects of society that
will try to incite
fear and disconnection
through certain energies
that are put out
through both
entertainment and media
but also very calculated
moves that are made
to infiltrate certain groups.
What we will say that
is wonderful for you
all to know about this is
that the children of today
are not as distracted
or as disconnected
as they may appear to be in
the very deep, dark moments
they go into.
They will find that many of
the things they are distracted
by become hollow to
them very soon, for what
they were born into was a world
that was told it was crumbling.
And we will be clear here that
the fastest way to bring down
a world is to have all
of its people panic
that it is about to die.
So we have said this many times
in channels over the years.
You must understand that when
you find yourself in fear,
it is very important
to overcome that fear,
for fear is often
used as a force
to create the very
destruction that you are told
is going to happen.
But that is a way of
harnessing people's energy
to make it happen.
And so this is why
you must always
return to love and light
to the best of your ability
whenever you encounter fear.
And we will say that
of these children.
Yes, they are playing with
different disconnections.
But why you are so alarmed,
some of you who look on,
is they are, how
shall we say, playing
some rapid karmic healings.
So whereas the rest of you have
gone through things, perhaps
you are on lifetime
number five, Regina,
in this lifetime, which is
the biggest amount of lives
that you have had
yet in one lifetime,
they are actually, some
of them, already entering
lifetime four and five
as they hit their 20s.
So it does not look as
grounded as a person
like you, because they have not
yet had time to form or ground
who they are.
But what we will say is this.
There is something in the
encoding of the people
who have been born in
the last 10 to 20 years,
that once they hit 20 years
old and beyond, just as many
of you who have awakened are now
finding it difficult to sustain
some of the physical
habits or attitudes
that you used to have because
your frequencies have lightened
up so much, you will see
a lot of 20-somethings
suddenly hitting their
stride in a way that will not
make any linear sense to
those of you who have watched
the path of others
over the last 30, 40,
50 years, because
you will have never
seen it done this way before.
But what we will say is
when these children land,
they will really land, and they
will land in a very activated
way very quickly
that in the past,
people would have had to
go through a much longer,
linear growth trajectory.
The other thing we will say
is they are, to some degree,
cleaning up a lot
of the darkness that
has been suppressed in other
generations that is now
being acted out by the young.
And we would say that if
you flashed back 40 years
and had the same framework in
place, the generation of all
of you that are
here now and older,
you would have been doing
exactly the same thing.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
I mean, this brings
me to the thought
of the phenomenon of more girls
than boys cutting themselves.
You can see this
phenomenon I'm speaking
about, teenage
girls in particular
cutting themselves repeatedly
on their body, their arms
and so forth.
Is this part of the
releasing of the dark energy
or pain of the planet?
Or what is this?
>>HARRIS: One way to
disempower a man is
to deny him his connection
to his own feelings.
And so it has been the case
that for centuries, men
have been discouraged
from their feelings.
This created an empathy
overload in the women.
For the two forces to combine
and have chemical attraction
and balance, a balance
has to be achieved.
So if a man is used
to disconnecting
from his feelings, a woman
will deeply connect to hers.
Now of course, what we are
speaking about here is very
person-by-person specific,
and you cannot speak in such
general terms about
every individual.
But we will say that
the internalization
of emotional pain
is a far more, still
to this day, a feminine
or female gender
issue than it has ever
been with the men.
But you are beginning
to see that change.
You are seeing very
male females and you
are seeing very feminine men.
So the cutting, we
will say is, again,
an acting out of much of the
chaos and destruction that
has risen to the
surface that before
was very suppressed
and held down
and discouraged in your society.
>>REGINA: How do we work
with these young people who
are going through this process?
Because I hear a lot of it, and
it's so painful for the parents
to watch and to be witness to.
What do we do as the
parents and those
surrounding the
children that are
expressing pain in this way?
>>HARRIS: One of the
things that has changed
in your society in the
last 20 to 30 years
is an overload of
pressure on, shall we say,
achievements and results
within the school systems.
And this was, again,
very deliberate,
for it divorces people
from their souls
if you give them too much to do.
So that is one of
the things that you
are seeing as prevalent.
And while we understand that
changing the school systems
from the inside is a very
slow march, what many of you
are beginning to
do is to recognize
the need for other
things around the school.
So whether it is that
you set up a group
to take teenage girls out
into the wilderness, whatever
it is that you feel compelled
to do to start bringing
that voice to a group of girls.
And we would like
to qualify this.
You might be somebody
who sets this up
for a group of 20 girls in
one state in your country.
And you would think, well,
I'm not helping every girl.
But do not forget
the ripple effect.
Once you are doing
it somewhere, it
starts to become
more normal, and all
of those girls who benefit
from re-finding themselves,
because they are no
longer having to contract
into themselves because they
feel there is nowhere for them
to truly live and breathe
in that society, all
of those girls will
be affected and will
go on and share the same gift.
So this is why for many
years we have said,
do not get overwhelmed
with the large picture.
Try to recognize what
stimulates, inspires, and fires
you inside, and go and bring
your action to that area,
for you can guarantee it
will be a passion for you.
But it will also be
you playing your part
of a large tapestry of what
we would call reconnection.
That is what is going on
when someone is self-harming
or damaging their body in
any way through addiction,
or through denial
or suppression.
It is a belief that their love,
their size of energy cannot be
on this planet.
And it is one of the diseases
afflicting your society,
the idea of smallness.
Competition and lack are
two of the areas that
will keep this perpetuated.
And yet, you are in an age
where people are breaking open.
Why?
Because they cannot not.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I have one final
question at this time,
and then I would
love for Lee and you
to come back another time and
we'll have another discussion.
But you mentioned timelines
and destiny of humanity.
Can you paint a picture for
us as you see it at this time,
on the timeline we're on, and
maybe even a parallel timeline,
the destiny of humanity?
>>HARRIS: It is good you
mention parallel timelines,
for there are several timelines
occurring right now on Earth.
There are many different
realities and dimensions
occurring simultaneously.
Even someone at
your shoulder can be
in another dimension at times.
But what we will talk about
is the heated question
on everyone's minds--
the idea of world doom,
world disaster, world control.
All of these things really
speak of the same survival fear,
the same idea that
you individually
as humans, or the
planet and humanity
will not survive this shift.
That was never
what was intended.
And there is a great
deal of what you often
refer to as this disinformation
out there in order to keep,
especially those believers,
those manifesters,
such as many of your
group who are actively
manifesting the future, in fear
so they will help to manifest
the more negative timelines.
What we will say is
at this point in time,
there are eight possible future
realities lined up for Earth.
But we will tell you that
it is very hard for us
to speak to you about this in
linear, quantifiable terms,
because it's simply-- it
would be like giving you
a map of a planet
you have never seen
and to try and understand it
or for us to try and relay it,
is very tricky.
But what we will
tell you is this.
What all of you must
understand and hold to is
there is a strong survival
urge within this race.
And there is a strong
survival within this planet.
And so there will be
adaptation all along the way.
But the biggest
focus for all of you
has to be your own sovereignty
and your own hearts.
Now, we understand this
may seem very vague,
and people want
concrete solution.
But listen to what we said.
If you go into your own
sovereignty and your own heart,
you will start to live
the way you want to live,
and through that, you
will be shining brightly
on this planet.
The more bright lights
there are on this planet,
the more the darkness
starts to get smaller.
We understand many of you
talk about the darkness being
high at the moment.
And yes, in energy terms, you
are definitely experiencing
that to some degree.
But we will actually qualify
this by saying in many ways,
the darkness is less.
There are less dark
people in your population
than have ever been.
And that is why the opening
and rising of humanity
to themselves, to loving
action, to consciousness
is the absolute
force for change.
And of course, the
reasons you are convinced
otherwise-- fear
implants or by stories
from those who wish to try
and steer it another way.
But at this point, it is near
impossible for them to do that
because the density
simply cannot hold with
the consciousness that the
planet is now radiating.
You all must stay on
your own personal path.
And when you hit
these survival fears,
the best thing you
can do for yourselves
is to let go of your
personal fear of death.
Because if you all let go of
your personal fears of death,
none of you would be
running this fear so much
about what is going to
happen in the future.
We promise you that.
Even though some
of you might say,
it is not death we are afraid
of, it is planetary suffering,
we tell you that if
you are suffering
to such a degree as a
human that it is not
serving you or
your soul, you will
exit the planet in an instant.
So you all have to trust not
only your hearts, but the truth
of many of the prophecies
that you have heard
that you are in a shift time.
What we will say is
if your minds try
and work out how it's going
to look or try and work out
how it looks right now,
you will be very confused.
So you have to keep going within
and trust your individual path
and trust that when you look
back 20 to 30 years from now,
then you will be able to
speak about what the shift was
all about and what
it looked like.
But in the meantime, working
on your own strength,
your own love, your own
self-care, and your own growth
is absolutely the way
to guarantee the biggest
and brightest life not
only for yourself, but also
for every single
individual on this planet.
>>REGINA: Wow,
thank you for that.
And I'm just going to
add one little thing,
because it came up.
I was waking up a couple of
days ago in crossover status,
saw a little face and
little simian kind of eyes.
And it said to me, what is hope?
And it said, hope
is the expression
of the soul's desire.
Does that mean anything?
>>HARRIS: Ha.
It is a gift to you,
for you yourself
are somebody who has powered
a great deal of her life
on faith and hope.
And that is something that
you have shared and spread
with others.
That is one of your
legacies, Regina.
You are somebody who has
given hope to many thousands
upon thousands of people.
And hope is a contagious energy.
So your desire has been to bring
hope, openness, and expansion.
And that is what this
reflection was telling you.
You have achieved your goal,
although your goal is far,
far from over.
In fact, your
coming chapters will
be the most interesting chapters
for you in your life yet.
And that is saying something.
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
Well, on that note,
thank you so much
for that on a personal
level, but thank you
on a broad level for all of
the information you've given us
today.
And with that, I thanks
you on behalf of all of us,
and we will say
goodbye to you for now
and see Lee back for just a
moment before we sign off.
>>HARRIS: In peace and
in love to all listeners.
Hi.
>>REGINA: Well, hi.
That was beautiful.
You have some lovely
beings there, very clear,
very clear information
and approachable.
And yeah, I enjoyed that.
I've heard a lot of channelings.
I really enjoyed that.
>>HARRIS: Thank you.
>>REGINA: And I know that
our viewers have enjoyed.
There's a lot of wisdom in that.
And we only scratched the
surface of a subject or two.
So with that, perhaps you'll
be interested in coming back
another day?
>>HARRIS: I would love to.
I would love to, yeah.
>>REGINA: Thank
you so much, Lee.
>>HARRIS: Thank you.
Thanks.
>>REGINA: To connect
with Lee or his books,
you can go to
leeharrisenergy.com for more
of his channeled works.
And you can also watch
some of my other interviews
if you like channeled works
with Sheila Gillette and Joan
Walker.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]